[Music]
Castle we're not going to be your home
this year but home to some very special
guests as well I was just wondering if
maybe he wants to go to the ball with me
mr. Issa raise your right hand on my
West
[Music]
is that Amanda Granger with Victor Krum
your fan hisin with the enemy the enemy
[Music]
Hogwarts has been chosen to host a
legendary event the Triwizard Tournament
[Applause]
[Music]
I didn't put my name in that car I don't
want eternal flooring killing curse only
one person is known to have survived at
me sitting in this room people die in
this dorm
the Devils are inside the walls
he's always trying closer the dark rise
is it Voldemort
[Music]
everything is going to change doesn't it